#sysDescr
"A textual description of the entity.  This value
should include the full name and version
identification of the system's hardware type,
software operating-system, and networking
software.  It is mandatory that this only contain
printable ASCII characters."

#sysObjectID

"The vendor's authoritative identification of the
network management subsystem contained in the
entity.  This value is allocated within the SMI
enterprises subtree (1.3.6.1.4.1) and provides an
easy and unambiguous means for determining `what
kind of box' is being managed.  For example, if
vendor `Flintstones, Inc.' was assigned the
subtree 1.3.6.1.4.1.4242, it could assign the
identifier 1.3.6.1.4.1.4242.1.1 to its `Fred
Router'."

#sysUpTime

"The time (in hundredths of a second) since the
network management portion of the system was last
re-initialized."

#sysContact
"The textual identification of the contact person
for this managed node, together with information
on how to contact this person."

#sysName
"An administratively-assigned name for this
managed node.  By convention, this is the node's
fully-qualified domain name."

#sysLocation
"The physical location of this node (e.g.,
`telephone closet, 3rd floor')."

#sysServices
"A value which indicates the set of services that
this entity primarily offers.
The value is a sum.  This sum initially takes the
value zero, Then, for each layer, L, in the range
1 through 7, that this node performs transactions
for, 2 raised to (L - 1) is added to the sum.  For
Example, a node which performs primarily routing
functions would have a value of 4 (2^(3-1)).  In
contrast, a node which is a host offering
application services would have a value of 72
(2^(4-1) + 2^(7-1)).  Note that in the context of
the Internet suite of protocols, values should be
calculated accordingly:

layer  functionality
    1  physical (e.g., repeaters)
    2  datalink/subnetwork (e.g., bridges)
    3  internet (e.g., IP gateways)
    4  end-to-end  (e.g., IP hosts)
    7  applications (e.g., mail relays)
 For systems including OSI protocols, layers 5 and
 6 may also be counted."



#ifNumber

"The number of network interfaces (regardless of
their current state) present on this system."

#ifTable
"A list of interface entries.  The number of
entries is given by the value of ifNumber."

#ifEntry
"An interface entry containing objects at the
subnetwork layer and below for a particular
interface."

#ifIndex

"A unique value for each interface.  Its value
ranges between 1 and the value of ifNumber.  The
value for each interface must remain constant at
least from one re-initialization of the entity's
network management system to the next re-
initialization."

#ifDescr

"A textual string containing information about the
interface.  This string should include the name of
the manufacturer, the product name and the version
of the hardware interface."

#ifType

"The type of interface, distinguished according to
the physical/link protocol(s) immediately `below'
the network layer in the protocol stack."

#ifMtu

"The size of the largest datagram which can be
sent/received on the interface, specified in
octets.  For interfaces that are used for
transmitting network datagrams, this is the size
of the largest network datagram that can be sent
on the interface."

#ifSpeed
"An estimate of the interface's current bandwidth
in bits per second.  For interfaces which do not
vary in bandwidth or for those where no accurate
estimation can be made, this object should contain
the nominal bandwidth."

#ifPhysAddress
"The interface's address at the protocol layer
immediately `below' the network layer in the
protocol stack.  For interfaces which do not have
such an address (e.g., a serial line), this object
should contain an octet string of zero length."

#ifAdminStatus
"The desired state of the interface.  The
testing(3) state indicates that no operational
packets can be passed."

#ifOperStatus
"The current operational state of the interface.
The testing(3) state indicates that no operational
packets can be passed."

#ifLastChange
"The value of sysUpTime at the time the interface
entered its current operational state.  If the
current state was entered prior to the last re-
initialization of the local network management
subsystem, then this object contains a zero
value."

#ifInOctets
"The total number of octets received on the
interface, including framing characters."

#ifInUcastPkts
"The number of subnetwork-unicast packets
delivered to a higher-layer protocol."

#ifInNUcastPkts
"The number of non-unicast (i.e., subnetwork-
broadcast or subnetwork-multicast) packets
delivered to a higher-layer protocol."

#ifInDiscards
"The number of inbound packets which were chosen
to be discarded even though no errors had been
detected to prevent their being deliverable to a
higher-layer protocol.  One possible reason for
discarding such a packet could be to free up
buffer space."

#ifInErrors
"The number of inbound packets that contained
errors preventing them from being deliverable to a
higher-layer protocol."

#ifInUnknownProtos
"The number of packets received via the interface
which were discarded because of an unknown or
unsupported protocol."

#ifOutOctets
"The total number of octets transmitted out of the
interface, including framing characters."

#ifOutUcastPkts
"The total number of packets that higher-level
protocols requested be transmitted to a
subnetwork-unicast address, including those that
were discarded or not sent."

#ifOutNUcastPkts
"The total number of packets that higher-level
protocols requested be transmitted to a non-
unicast (i.e., a subnetwork-broadcast or
subnetwork-multicast) address, including those
that were discarded or not sent."

#ifOutDiscards
"The number of outbound packets which were chosen
to be discarded even though no errors had been
detected to prevent their being transmitted.  One
possible reason for discarding such a packet could
be to free up buffer space."

#ifOutErrors
"The number of outbound packets that could not be
transmitted because of errors."

#ifOutQLen
"The length of the output packet queue (in
packets)."

#ifSpecific
"A reference to MIB definitions specific to the
particular media being used to realize the
interface.  For example, if the interface is
realized by an ethernet, then the value of this
object refers to a document defining objects
specific to ethernet.  If this information is not
present, its value should be set to the OBJECT
IDENTIFIER { 0 0 }, which is a syntatically valid
object identifier, and any conformant
implementation of ASN.1 and BER must be able to
generate and recognize this value."



#atTable
"The Address Translation tables contain the
NetworkAddress to `physical' address equivalences.
Some interfaces do not use translation tables for
determining address equivalences (e.g., DDN-X.25
has an algorithmic method); if all interfaces are
of this type, then the Address Translation table
is empty, i.e., has zero entries."

#atEntry
"Each entry contains one NetworkAddress to
`physical' address equivalence."

#atIfIndex
"The interface on which this entry's equivalence
is effective.  The interface identified by a
particular value of this index is the same
interface as identified by the same value of
ifIndex."

#atPhysAddress
"The media-dependent `physical' address.
Setting this object to a null string (one of zero
length) has the effect of invaliding the
corresponding entry in the atTable object.  That
is, it effectively dissasociates the interface
identified with said entry from the mapping
identified with said entry.  It is an
implementation-specific matter as to whether the
agent removes an invalidated entry from the table.
Accordingly, management stations must be prepared
to receive tabular information from agents that
corresponds to entries not currently in use.
Proper interpretation of such entries requires
examination of the relevant atPhysAddress object."

#atNetAddress
"The NetworkAddress (e.g., the IP address)
corresponding to the media-dependent `physical'
address."

#ipForwarding
"The indication of whether this entity is acting
as an IP gateway in respect to the forwarding of
datagrams received by, but not addressed to, this
entity.  IP gateways forward datagrams.  IP hosts
do not (except those source-routed via the host).
Note that for some managed nodes, this object may
take on only a subset of the values possible.
Accordingly, it is appropriate for an agent to
return a `badValue' response if a management
station attempts to change this object to an
inappropriate value."

#ipDefaultTTL
"The default value inserted into the Time-To-Live
field of the IP header of datagrams originated at
this entity, whenever a TTL value is not supplied
by the transport layer protocol."

#ipInReceives

"The total number of input datagrams received from
interfaces, including those received in error."

#ipInHdrErrors
"
The number of input datagrams discarded due to
errors in their IP headers, including bad
checksums, version number mismatch, other format
errors, time-to-live exceeded, errors discovered
in processing their IP options, etc."

#ipInAddrErrors

"The number of input datagrams discarded because
the IP address in their IP header's destination
field was not a valid address to be received at
this entity.  This count includes invalid
addresses (e.g., 0.0.0.0) and addresses of
unsupported Classes (e.g., Class E).  For entities
which are not IP Gateways and therefore do not
forward datagrams, this counter includes datagrams
discarded because the destination address was not
a local address."

#ipForwDatagrams

"
The number of input datagrams for which this
entity was not their final IP destination, as a
result of which an attempt was made to find a
route to forward them to that final destination.
In entities which do not act as IP Gateways, this
counter will include only those packets which were
Source-Routed via this entity, and the Source-
Route option processing was successful."

#ipInUnknownProtos
"The number of locally-addressed datagrams
received successfully but discarded because of an
unknown or unsupported protocol."

#ipInDiscards
"The number of input IP datagrams for which no
problems were encountered to prevent their
continued processing, but which were discarded
(e.g., for lack of buffer space).  Note that this
counter does not include any datagrams discarded
while awaiting re-assembly."

#ipInDelivers
"The total number of input datagrams successfully
delivered to IP user-protocols (including ICMP)."

#ipOutRequests

"The total number of IP datagrams which local IP
user-protocols (including ICMP) supplied to IP in
requests for transmission.  Note that this counter
does not include any datagrams counted in
ipForwDatagrams."

#ipOutDiscards

"The number of output IP datagrams for which no
problem was encountered to prevent their
transmission to their destination, but which were
discarded (e.g., for lack of buffer space).  Note
that this counter would include datagrams counted
in ipForwDatagrams if any such packets met this
(discretionary) discard criterion."

#ipOutNoRoutes
"The number of IP datagrams discarded because no
route could be found to transmit them to their
destination.  Note that this counter includes any
packets counted in ipForwDatagrams which meet this
`no-route' criterion.  Note that this includes any
datagarms which a host cannot route because all of
its default gateways are down."

#ipReasmTimeout
"The maximum number of seconds which received
fragments are held while they are awaiting
reassembly at this entity."

#ipReasmReqds

"The number of IP fragments received which needed
to be reassembled at this entity."

#ipReasmOKs
"The number of IP datagrams successfully re-
assembled."

#ipReasmFails
"The number of failures detected by the IP re-
assembly algorithm (for whatever reason: timed
out, errors, etc).  Note that this is not
necessarily a count of discarded IP fragments
since some algorithms (notably the algorithm in
RFC 815) can lose track of the number of fragments
by combining them as they are received."

#ipFragOKs
"The number of IP datagrams that have been
successfully fragmented at this entity."

#ipFragFails
"The number of IP datagrams that have been
discarded because they needed to be fragmented at
this entity but could not be, e.g., because their
Don't Fragment flag was set."

#ipFragCreates
"The number of IP datagram fragments that have
been generated as a result of fragmentation at
this entity."

#ipAddrTable
"The table of addressing information relevant to
this entity's IP addresses."

#ipAddrEntry
"The addressing information for one of this
entity's IP addresses."

#ipAdEntAddr
"The IP address to which this entry's addressing
information pertains."

#ipAdEntIfIndex
"The index value which uniquely identifies the
interface to which this entry is applicable.  The
interface identified by a particular value of this
index is the same interface as identified by the
same value of ifIndex."

#ipAdEntNetMask
"The subnet mask associated with the IP address of
this entry.  The value of the mask is an IP
address with all the network bits set to 1 and all
the hosts bits set to 0."

#ipAdEntBcastAddr
"The value of the least-significant bit in the IP
broadcast address used for sending datagrams on
the (logical) interface associated with the IP
address of this entry.  For example, when the
Internet standard all-ones broadcast address is
used, the value will be 1.  This value applies to
both the subnet and network broadcasts addresses
used by the entity on this (logical) interface."

#ipAdEntReasmMaxSize
"The size of the largest IP datagram which this
entity can re-assemble from incoming IP fragmented
datagrams received on this interface."

#ipRouteTable
"This entity's IP Routing table."

#ipRouteEntry
"A route to a particular destination."

#ipRouteDest
"The destination IP address of this route.  An
entry with a value of 0.0.0.0 is considered a
default route.  Multiple routes to a single
destination can appear in the table, but access to
such multiple entries is dependent on the table-
access mechanisms defined by the network
management protocol in use."

#ipRouteIfIndex
"The index value which uniquely identifies the
local interface through which the next hop of this
route should be reached.  The interface identified
by a particular value of this index is the same
interface as identified by the same value of
ifIndex."

#ipRouteMetric1
"The primary routing metric for this route.  The
semantics of this metric are determined by the
routing-protocol specified in the route's
ipRouteProto value.  If this metric is not used,
its value should be set to -1."

#ipRouteMetric2
"An alternate routing metric for this route.  The
semantics of this metric are determined by the
routing-protocol specified in the route's
ipRouteProto value.  If this metric is not used,
its value should be set to -1."

#ipRouteMetric3
"An alternate routing metric for this route.  The
semantics of this metric are determined by the
routing-protocol specified in the route's
ipRouteProto value.  If this metric is not used,
its value should be set to -1."

#ipRouteMetric4
"An alternate routing metric for this route.  The
semantics of this metric are determined by the
routing-protocol specified in the route's
ipRouteProto value.  If this metric is not used,
its value should be set to -1."

#ipRouteNextHop
"The IP address of the next hop of this route.
(In the case of a route bound to an interface
which is realized via a broadcast media, the value
of this field is the agent's IP address on that
interface.)"

#ipRouteType
"The type of route.  Note that the values
direct(3) and indirect(4) refer to the notion of
direct and indirect routing in the IP
architecture.
Setting this object to the value invalid(2) has
the effect of invalidating the corresponding entry
in the ipRouteTable object.  That is, it
effectively dissasociates the destination
identified with said entry from the route
identified with said entry.  It is an
implementation-specific matter as to whether the
agent removes an invalidated entry from the table.
Accordingly, management stations must be prepared
to receive tabular information from agents that
corresponds to entries not currently in use.
Proper interpretation of such entries requires
examination of the relevant ipRouteType object."



#ipRouteProto
"The routing mechanism via which this route was
learned.  Inclusion of values for gateway routing
protocols is not intended to imply that hosts
should support those protocols."

#ipRouteAge
"The number of seconds since this route was last
updated or otherwise determined to be correct.
Note that no semantics of `too old' can be implied
except through knowledge of the routing protocol
by which the route was learned."


#ipRouteMask
"Indicate the mask to be logical-ANDed with the
destination address before being compared to the
value in the ipRouteDest field.  For those systems
that do not support arbitrary subnet masks, an
agent constructs the value of the ipRouteMask by
determining whether the value of the correspondent
ipRouteDest field belong to a class-A, B, or C
network, and then using one of:

mask           network
255.0.0.0      class-A
255.255.0.0    class-B
255.255.255.0  class-C

If the value of the ipRouteDest is 0.0.0.0 (a
default route), then the mask value is also
0.0.0.0.  It should be noted that all IP routing
subsystems implicitly use this mechanism."

#ipRouteMetric5

"An alternate routing metric for this route.  The
semantics of this metric are determined by the
routing-protocol specified in the route's
ipRouteProto value.  If this metric is not used,
its value should be set to -1."

#ipRouteInfo
"A reference to MIB definitions specific to the
particular routing protocol which is responsible
for this route, as determined by the value
specified in the route's ipRouteProto value.  If
this information is not present, its value should
be set to the OBJECT IDENTIFIER { 0 0 }, which is
a syntatically valid object identifier, and any
conformant implementation of ASN.1 and BER must be
able to generate and recognize this value."

#ipNetToMediaTable
"The IP Address Translation table used for mapping
from IP addresses to physical addresses."

#ipNetToMediaEntry
"Each entry contains one IpAddress to `physical'
address equivalence."

#ipNetToMediaIfIndex
"The interface on which this entry's equivalence
is effective.  The interface identified by a
particular value of this index is the same
interface as identified by the same value of
ifIndex."

#ipNetToMediaPhysAddress
"The media-dependent `physical' address."

#ipNetToMediaNetAddress
"The IpAddress corresponding to the media-
dependent `physical' address."

#ipNetToMediaType
"The type of mapping.
Setting this object to the value invalid(2) has
the effect of invalidating the corresponding entry
in the ipNetToMediaTable.  That is, it effectively
dissasociates the interface identified with said
entry from the mapping identified with said entry.
It is an implementation-specific matter as to
whether the agent removes an invalidated entry
from the table.  Accordingly, management stations
must be prepared to receive tabular information
from agents that corresponds to entries not
currently in use.  Proper interpretation of such
entries requires examination of the relevant
ipNetToMediaType object."


#ipRoutingDiscards
"The number of routing entries which were chosen
to be discarded even though they are valid.  One
possible reason for discarding such an entry could
be to free-up buffer space for other routing
entries."

#icmpInMsgs
"The total number of ICMP messages which the
entity received.  Note that this counter includes
all those counted by icmpInErrors."

#icmpInErrors
"The number of ICMP messages which the entity
received but determined as having ICMP-specific
errors (bad ICMP checksums, bad length, etc.)."

#icmpInDestUnreachs
"The number of ICMP Destination Unreachable
messages received."

#icmpInTimeExcds
"The number of ICMP Time Exceeded messages
received."

#icmpInParmProbs
"The number of ICMP Parameter Problem messages  
received."

#icmpInSrcQuenchs
"The number of ICMP Source Quench messages
received."

#icmpInRedirects
"The number of ICMP Redirect messages received."

#icmpInEchos
"The number of ICMP Echo (request) messages
received."

#icmpInEchoReps
"The number of ICMP Echo Reply messages received."

#icmpInTimestamps
"The number of ICMP Timestamp (request) messages
received."

#icmpInTimestampReps
"The number of ICMP Timestamp Reply messages
received."

#icmpInAddrMasks
"The number of ICMP Address Mask Request messages
received."

#icmpInAddrMaskReps
"The number of ICMP Address Mask Reply messages
received."

#icmpOutMsgs
"The total number of ICMP messages which this
entity attempted to send.  Note that this counter
includes all those counted by icmpOutErrors."

#icmpOutErrors
"The number of ICMP messages which this entity did
not send due to problems discovered within ICMP
such as a lack of buffers.  This value should not
include errors discovered outside the ICMP layer
such as the inability of IP to route the resultant
datagram.  In some implementations there may be no
types of error which contribute to this counter's
value."

#icmpOutDestUnreachs
"The number of ICMP Destination Unreachable
messages sent."

#icmpOutTimeExcds
"The number of ICMP Time Exceeded messages sent."

#icmpOutParmProbs
"The number of ICMP Parameter Problem messages
sent."

#icmpOutSrcQuenchs
"The number of ICMP Source Quench messages sent."

#icmpOutRedirects
"The number of ICMP Redirect messages sent.  For a
host, this object will always be zero, since hosts
do not send redirects."

#icmpOutEchos
"The number of ICMP Echo (request) messages sent."

#icmpOutEchoReps
"The number of ICMP Echo Reply messages sent."

#icmpOutTimestamps
"The number of ICMP Timestamp (request) messages
sent."

#icmpOutTimestampReps
"The number of ICMP Timestamp Reply messages
sent."

#icmpOutAddrMasks
"The number of ICMP Address Mask Request messages
sent."

#icmpOutAddrMaskReps
"The number of ICMP Address Mask Reply messages
sent."



#tcpRtoAlgorithm
"The algorithm used to determine the timeout value
used for retransmitting unacknowledged octets."

#tcpRtoMin
"The minimum value permitted by a TCP
implementation for the retransmission timeout,
measured in milliseconds.  More refined semantics
for objects of this type depend upon the algorithm
used to determine the retransmission timeout.  In
particular, when the timeout algorithm is rsre(3),
an object of this type has the semantics of the
LBOUND quantity described in RFC 793."

#tcpRtoMax
"The maximum value permitted by a TCP
implementation for the retransmission timeout,
measured in milliseconds.  More refined semantics
for objects of this type depend upon the algorithm
used to determine the retransmission timeout.  In
particular, when the timeout algorithm is rsre(3),
an object of this type has the semantics of the
UBOUND quantity described in RFC 793."

#tcpMaxConn
"The limit on the total number of TCP connections
the entity can support.  In entities where the
maximum number of connections is dynamic, this
object should contain the value -1."

#tcpActiveOpens
"The number of times TCP connections have made a
direct transition to the SYN-SENT state from the
CLOSED state."

#tcpPassiveOpens
"The number of times TCP connections have made a
direct transition to the SYN-RCVD state from the
LISTEN state."

#tcpAttemptFails
"The number of times TCP connections have made a
direct transition to the CLOSED state from either
the SYN-SENT state or the SYN-RCVD state, plus the
number of times TCP connections have made a direct
transition to the LISTEN state from the SYN-RCVD
state."

#tcpEstabResets
"The number of times TCP connections have made a
direct transition to the CLOSED state from either
the ESTABLISHED state or the CLOSE-WAIT state."

#tcpCurrEstab
"The number of TCP connections for which the
current state is either ESTABLISHED or CLOSE-
WAIT."

#tcpInSegs
"The total number of segments received, including
those received in error.  This count includes
segments received on currently established
connections."

#tcpOutSegs
"The total number of segments sent, including
those on current connections but excluding those
containing only retransmitted octets."

#tcpRetransSegs
"The total number of segments retransmitted - that
is, the number of TCP segments transmitted
containing one or more previously transmitted
octets."

#tcpConnTable
"A table containing TCP connection-specific
information."

#tcpConnEntry
"Information about a particular current TCP
connection.  An object of this type is transient,
in that it ceases to exist when (or soon after)
the connection makes the transition to the CLOSED
state."

#tcpConnState
"The state of this TCP connection.
The only value which may be set by a management
station is deleteTCB(12).  Accordingly, it is
appropriate for an agent to return a `badValue'
response if a management station attempts to set
this object to any other value.
If a management station sets this object to the
value deleteTCB(12), then this has the effect of
deleting the TCB (as defined in RFC 793) of the
corresponding connection on the managed node,
resulting in immediate termination of the
connection.
As an implementation-specific option, a RST
segment may be sent from the managed node to the
other TCP endpoint (note however that RST segments
are not sent reliably)."



#tcpConnLocalAddress
"The local IP address for this TCP connection.  In
the case of a connection in the listen state which
is willing to accept connections for any IP
interface associated with the node, the value
0.0.0.0 is used."

#tcpConnLocalPort
"The local port number for this TCP connection."

#tcpConnRemAddress
"The remote IP address for this TCP connection."

#tcpConnRemPort
"The remote port number for this TCP connection."

#tcpInErrs
"The total number of segments received in error
(e.g., bad TCP checksums)."

#tcpOutRsts
"The number of TCP segments sent containing the
RST flag."

#udpInDatagrams
"The total number of UDP datagrams delivered to
UDP users."

#udpNoPorts
"The total number of received UDP datagrams for
which there was no application at the destination
port."

#udpInErrors
"The number of received UDP datagrams that could
not be delivered for reasons other than the lack
of an application at the destination port."

#udpOutDatagrams
"The total number of UDP datagrams sent from this
entity."

#udpTable
"A table containing UDP listener information."

#udpEntry
"Information about a particular current UDP
listener."

#udpLocalAddress
"The local IP address for this UDP listener.  In
the case of a UDP listener which is willing to
accept datagrams for any IP interface associated
with the node, the value 0.0.0.0 is used."

#udpLocalPort
"The local port number for this UDP listener."

#egpInMsgs
"The number of EGP messages received without
error."

#egpInErrors
"The number of EGP messages received that proved
to be in error."

#egpOutMsgs
"The total number of locally generated EGP
messages."

#egpOutErrors
"The number of locally generated EGP messages not
sent due to resource limitations within an EGP
entity."

#egpNeighTable
"The EGP neighbor table."

#egpNeighEntry
"Information about this entity's relationship with
a particular EGP neighbor."

#egpNeighState
"The EGP state of the local system with respect to
this entry's EGP neighbor.  Each EGP state is
represented by a value that is one greater than
the numerical value associated with said state in
RFC 904."

#egpNeighAddr
"The IP address of this entry's EGP neighbor."

#egpNeighAs
"The autonomous system of this EGP peer.  Zero
should be specified if the autonomous system
number of the neighbor is not yet known."

#egpNeighInMsgs
"The number of EGP messages received without error
from this EGP peer."

#egpNeighInErrs
"The number of EGP messages received from this EGP
peer that proved to be in error (e.g., bad EGP
checksum)."

#egpNeighOutMsgs
"The number of locally generated EGP messages to
this EGP peer."

#egpNeighOutErrs
"The number of locally generated EGP messages not
sent to this EGP peer due to resource limitations
within an EGP entity."

#egpNeighInErrMsgs
"The number of EGP-defined error messages received
from this EGP peer."

#egpNeighOutErrMsgs
"The number of EGP-defined error messages sent to
this EGP peer."

#egpNeighStateUps
"The number of EGP state transitions to the UP
state with this EGP peer."

#egpNeighStateDowns
"The number of EGP state transitions from the UP
state to any other state with this EGP peer."

#egpNeighIntervalHello
"The interval between EGP Hello command
retransmissions (in hundredths of a second).  This
represents the t1 timer as defined in RFC 904."

#egpNeighIntervalPoll
"
The interval between EGP poll command
retransmissions (in hundredths of a second).  This
represents the t3 timer as defined in RFC 904."

#egpNeighMode
"The polling mode of this EGP entity, either
passive or active."

#egpNeighEventTrigger
"A control variable used to trigger operator-
initiated Start and Stop events.  When read, this
variable always returns the most recent value that
egpNeighEventTrigger was set to.  If it has not
been set since the last initialization of the
network management subsystem on the node, it
returns a value of `stop'.
When set, this variable causes a Start or Stop
event on the specified neighbor, as specified on
pages 8-10 of RFC 904.  Briefly, a Start event
causes an Idle peer to begin neighbor acquisition
and a non-Idle peer to reinitiate neighbor
acquisition.  A stop event causes a non-Idle peer
to return to the Idle state until a Start event
occurs, either via egpNeighEventTrigger or
otherwise."

#egpAs
"The autonomous system number of this EGP entity."

#snmpInPkts
"The total number of Messages delivered to the
SNMP entity from the transport service."

#snmpOutPkts
"The total number of SNMP Messages which were
passed from the SNMP protocol entity to the
transport service."

#snmpInBadVersions
"The total number of SNMP Messages which were
delivered to the SNMP protocol entity and were for
an unsupported SNMP version."

#snmpInBadCommunityNames
"The total number of SNMP Messages delivered to
the SNMP protocol entity which used a SNMP
community name not known to said entity."

#snmpInBadCommunityUses
"The total number of SNMP Messages delivered to
the SNMP protocol entity which represented an SNMP
operation which was not allowed by the SNMP
community named in the Message."

#snmpInASNParseErrs
"The total number of ASN.1 or BER errors
encountered by the SNMP protocol entity when
decoding received SNMP Messages."

#snmpInTooBigs
"The total number of SNMP PDUs which were
delivered to the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status field is
`tooBig'."

#snmpInNoSuchNames
"The total number of SNMP PDUs which were
delivered to the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status field is
`noSuchName'."

#snmpInBadValues
"The total number of SNMP PDUs which were
delivered to the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status field is
`badValue'."

#snmpInReadOnlys
"The total number valid SNMP PDUs which were
delivered to the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status field is
`readOnly'.  It should be noted that it is a
protocol error to generate an SNMP PDU which
contains the value `readOnly' in the error-status
field, as such this object is provided as a means
of detecting incorrect implementations of the
SNMP."

#snmpInGenErrs
"The total number of SNMP PDUs which were
delivered to the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status field is
`genErr'."

#snmpInTotalReqVars
"The total number of MIB objects which have been
retrieved successfully by the SNMP protocol entity
as the result of receiving valid SNMP Get-Request
and Get-Next PDUs."

#snmpInTotalSetVars
"The total number of MIB objects which have been
altered successfully by the SNMP protocol entity
as the result of receiving valid SNMP Set-Request
PDUs."

#snmpInGetRequests
"The total number of SNMP Get-Request PDUs which
have been accepted and processed by the SNMP
protocol entity."

#snmpInGetNexts
"The total number of SNMP Get-Next PDUs which have
been accepted and processed by the SNMP protocol
entity."

#snmpInSetRequests
"The total number of SNMP Set-Request PDUs which
have been accepted and processed by the SNMP
protocol entity."

#snmpInGetResponses
"The total number of SNMP Get-Response PDUs which
have been accepted and processed by the SNMP
protocol entity."

#snmpInTraps
"The total number of SNMP Trap PDUs which have
been accepted and processed by the SNMP protocol
entity."

#snmpOutTooBigs
"The total number of SNMP PDUs which were
generated by the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status field is
`tooBig.'"

#snmpOutNoSuchNames
"The total number of SNMP PDUs which were
generated by the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status is
`noSuchName'."

#snmpOutBadValues
"The total number of SNMP PDUs which were
generated by the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status field is
`badValue'."

#snmpOutGenErrs
"The total number of SNMP PDUs which were
generated by the SNMP protocol entity and for
which the value of the error-status field is
`genErr'."

#snmpOutGetRequests
"The total number of SNMP Get-Request PDUs which
have been generated by the SNMP protocol entity."

#snmpOutGetNexts
"The total number of SNMP Get-Next PDUs which have
been generated by the SNMP protocol entity."

#snmpOutSetRequests
"The total number of SNMP Set-Request PDUs which
have been generated by the SNMP protocol entity."

#snmpOutGetResponses
"The total number of SNMP Get-Response PDUs which
have been generated by the SNMP protocol entity."

#snmpOutTraps
"The total number of SNMP Trap PDUs which have
been generated by the SNMP protocol entity."

#snmpEnableAuthenTraps
"Indicates whether the SNMP agent process is
permitted to generate authentication-failure
traps.  The value of this object overrides any
configuration information; as such, it provides a
means whereby all authentication-failure traps may
be disabled.

Note that it is strongly recommended that this
object be stored in non-volatile memory so that it
remains constant between re-initializations of the
network management system."
